Add terms to Terminology Section (#42)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

> ## Terminology

Reviewer: I think I would appreciate a sentence saying something along the lines of "terms are defined in each specification used in this profile and this section bring them together for readability".

Author: done

[[def:Authorization Request]]
~ OAuth 2.0 Authorization Request extended by [[ref:OIDC]] and [[ref:OpenID4VP]]

[[def:Authorization Response]]
~ OAuth 2.0 Authorization Response extended by [[ref:OIDC]] and [[ref:OpenID4VP]]

[[def:Claim, Claims]]

> ~ An assertion made about a subject

Reviewer: `about an entity` or `about a subject of a credential`

[[def:Decentralized Identifier, DID]]

> ~ An identifier that enables verifiable, decentralized digital identity as defined by the W3C specification

Reviewer: should be `identifier`. DIDs are not identity - it's just a way to get pubKeys by reference

Reviewer: for the purpose of this section I am more comfortable with clarifying that the core property of DIDs is the ability to enable Clients to obtain key material and other metadata by reference.

>   [[ref: DID Core]]. Known as a DID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [[ref: DID Core]].
```

There is already `, DID` in the description

[[def:End User]]
~ Participant

[[def:Holder]]

> ~ An entity that possesses or holds verifiable credentials and can generate verifiable presentations from them

Reviewer: please add that this is vc-data-model definition

  [[ref:Verifier]] in [[ref: VC Data Model]]

[[def:Request Object]]
~ JWT that contains a set of request parameters as its [[ref:Claims]]
  
[[def:Self Issued OpenID Provider (SIOP), Self Issued OpenID Provider, SIOP]]  
~ An OpenID Provider (OP) used by an [[ref:End User]] to prove control over a [[ref:DID]]

[[def:Verifiable Credential (VC), Verifiable Credential, VC]]
~ A set of one or more [[ref:Claims]] made by an issuer that is tamper-evident and has authorship that can be cryptographically
  verified.

[[def:Verifiable Presentation (VP), Verifiable Presentation, VP]] 
~ A [[ref:Presentation]] that is tamper-evident and has authorship that can be cryptographically verified

[[def:Verifier]]
~ An entity that receives one or more verifiable credential inside a verifiable presentation for processing. Synonymous
  with the term [[ref: Relying Party (RP)]]

[[def:Verification]]
~ The process in which a [[ref:Verifier]] validates that the verifiable credential inside a verifiable presentation is authentic
  and a timely statement of the issuer or presenter

[[def:Wallet]]

> ~ A credential repository that acts as a [[ref:Self Issued OpenID Provider (SIOP)]]

Author: i can update to match this one.

## Terminology

> This section defines common terms from the profile for the reader's ease and convenience. These, as well as other useful terms, can be found in more detail within the specifications from which they originate. See [[ref:References]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section consolidates in one place common terms used across open standards that this profile consists of. For the details of these, as well as other useful terms, see text within each of the specification listed in [[ref:References]].
```
